what's up everybody the CREP gamer here
the most compelling game related
youtuber and you damn well know it also
the king of all gamer related media and
you know that as well the producer of
big gamer small talk and just so you
guys know this Sunday at 8 p.m. Eastern
big gamer small talk will be on
showstoppers channel showstopper 21 21
so if you guys want to catch that out
Sunday at 8 make sure you tune in there
and then the following Sunday will be
the debut of big gamer small talk on
mooches channel as we're rotating the
show around a little bit - everybody's
Channel ok on to today's topic Kudo
sonoda has come out and said we're doing
things with the Xbox one that can't be
done on the ps4 we've really got a lot
more going on than our competitors boom
dropped that mic people because this is
the Hamaker the one two buckle my shoe
if you will kudos ánotá has just laid
the smackdown on Sony Nintendo and any
other wannabe platform competitor
according to Xbox executive Kudo sonoda
and I'm gonna link this article the Xbox
one is a lot more going on than the
PlayStation 4 and other competing
platforms in the interview sonoda talks
about how Xbox one features like
backwards compatibility as well as cross
play and cross buy with PC give the Xbox
one an upper hand and then he goes on to
talk about how cross buy is something
that's a really powerful idea you should
be able to play what you love and play
together it doesn't really matter the
device and even things like game
streaming which now you can do from your
Xbox one to your Windows 10 device in
1080p 60 frames per second and he's
talking about all the ultimate values
that they can offer and it's very gamer
focus and gamer oriented and that's
something that the competition just
isn't doing it he says that allowing
people to play games whenever they want
on whatever device I'm making an easy is
Microsoft's long-term goal for the Xbox
ecosystem and then on the subject of
backwards compatibility
sonoda said he's happy to deliver a
feature that fans have been clamoring
for with backwards compatibility it
isn't something that we've
just think that gamers might want sonoda
explained we know we're looking at and
for soliciting that feedback it was the
number one most requested feature for
Xbox one by far and then this goes on
the safe words part sony has said that
it has no plans to bring backwards
compatibility to the ps4 which is
stating the obvious because sony spent
almost four hundred million dollars
quiring Gaikai so that they could charge
you to play your old games again and
stream them instead of actually owning
them not only does the xbox won't have
features and functionality that can't be
found or delivered on competing
platforms but the console has a bigger
lineup of exclusives than anyone else
Wow talk about dropping the mic sonoda
said we've got a lot more exclusive
games than any other competition some of
Microsoft's biggest upcoming Xbox one
exclusive for the year include halo 5
guardians Gears of War Ultimate Edition
rise of the Tomb Raider fable legends
Forza Motorsport 6 looking into next
year and Beyond Microsoft has quantum
break see if these recore and they also
have lots of other things like killer
instinct season 3 of you know scalebound
crackdown sony on the other hand has
admitted that its first party lineup for
this year is quote-unquote a little
sparse and how many times have we heard
that sparse they're not even gonna get
that indie no man's sky launched out in
time I absolutely love shots fired
you can sit there and play defense all
day but eventually if you're gonna want
to score some touchdowns and make waves
you're gonna come out and throw you got
to be on offense a little bit I love
love love what kudos doing here he's a
superstar wears the sunglasses all the
time the dude is really just bringing it
look this isn't PR this is speaking the
truth and getting it out there you have
to battle a lot of things and you have
to make bold statements to get into the
media and people's minds these days
especially when it comes to hardcore
gamers Microsoft and the Xbox one is
definitely doing things that the ps4
cannot do and this is just me
monologuing I've read you what I was
gonna read you and I'm gonna link it in
the description so you can check it out
yourself this is what the Xbox one is
all about listening to the gamer having
more Triple A exclusives having a focus
on those the games that we want the
features that we want they listen to
what we do monthly updates you can
stream your games flawlessly
to Windows 10 devices you can do that
you can hook up things into the HDMI on
the Xbox one whatever you want other
consoles cable Sat whatever you want
it's a feature that Sony will never have
you can have a controller with the Xbox
one that gets firmware updates think
about that for a second the controller
gets firmware updates that is so
next-gen you know the Xbox one is
clearly outshining and running circles
around ps4 in the competition it's time
that you clowns wake up if you haven't
got on board yet you better get on board
because the Xbox one train is coming and
you got to get off the tracks before it
does or you're gonna get run over so at
the end of the day I think that this is
a brilliant strategy you need something
to actually come out there and start
saying these type of things I'm thrilled
with it I love the offensive route I
love defense I'm a defensive guy right
but at the end of the day to beat some
of the fun and the bullshit and the neo
gaffes of the world you need to come out
there swinging and this is what you do
this is great this is brilliant this is
good PR this is good business this is
what you should be talking about hype
yourself up because you are better than
the competition they're not gonna just
notice that people in general are stupid
as a whole people are stupid and we have
mob mentality will buy something because
it's cool we'll buy something because
our friends bought it a lot of times we
don't look at things and investigate it
for ourselves to see that a lot of times
I've heard things like Xbox is bad or
sucks and you ask them why do you think
that and they don't even know why you
know it's just been ingrained in them by
their friends or the media or whoever
and so they just kind of go with it you
know and it's time to get over that get
over that 2013 stuff we're almost in
cloud processing is real we know it's
real DirectX 12 Windows 10 all this
stuff that Sony cannot compete with on
the ps4 ps4 is standing still it's a
goddamn statue and the Xbox one is the
roadrunner rack them up break them pony
legs people thanks for watching comment
rate subscribe crap gamer out